Military technology is advancing at an
unprecedented pace, and Türkiye is
at the forefront.  Turkey's new robotic
military technologies have shocked
even the US and China.  Laser weapons,
combat drones and advanced missile
systems are already changing the rules of the game.
Meanwhile, active developments
continue around the world, from powerful
artillery systems to innovative
combat robots.  In this video you will see
real combat solutions.  which are already
in use or will soon be deployed
on the front lines.
[music] The
Minigan M134D
is equipped with sophisticated electronics that allow
it to remain stable when
engaging moving targets from mobile
platforms.  The firing range is up
to 1.2 km, and the rate of fire is 50
rounds per second, which is
unmatched among 7.62 mm caliber weapons.  Its
impressive performance is backed by
extreme durability.  The barrels
can withstand about 100,000 shots.
Minor repairs can be completed in less
than a minute, ensuring
minimal downtime.   It
is not surprising that more than thirty countries
use it on helicopters and various
armored vehicles.  The M134D's quick-change
barrel design further enhances its
effectiveness on the battlefield.  In addition,
its recoil control system allows
for accurate fire in short or
long bursts.  Operators
appreciate its versatility in both close
combat and perimeter defense.  Its
modular design allows for easy
integration with remote
weapon stations.  Recent
upgrades have also improved its
heat dissipation for longer battles.
Smashdra platform.
This unique suspension system
allows drones to carry a sniper rifle, an
assault rifle, or even a
40mm grenade launcher.  Its
high-tech
stabilization mechanisms ensure accurate shooting
even at moving targets.  This accuracy
is supported by integrated machine
vision and proprietary
tracking algorithms.  The system has undergone rigorous
combat testing with excellent
results and is seen as a
significant advancement in
countering air, land and
sea threats.  It can be
integrated into a variety of unmanned
aerial vehicles, both fixed
and rotary, providing
unrivaled flexibility.  His Play plan
nature also reduces construction time
in combat conditions.  Field operators
report impressive system reliability
even in harsh weather conditions.
Military analysts see the system as an
important step toward
autonomous precision firepower.
Future versions may also
include advanced thermal imaging and
AI-powered threat recognition.
[music] An
outstanding system from Turkey is the
Alka directed energy weapon.  This flexible
solution combines radar,
electronic warfare and
laser capabilities to detect,
jam and destroy a wide range of
targets.  One of its main applications is to
neutralize hostile drones.   The
main unit can track up to 100
different targets simultaneously, which
speaks to its computing power.
Its laser is capable of cutting through
ten-millimeter steel plating and
remotely disabling
improvised explosive devices.  The current
range is 1.5 km, but
future versions are expected to
have greater range and
destructive power.  Alka is also
assessed for critical
infrastructure protection.  It is
portable enough to be mounted on
ground vehicles or
deployed as a fixed turret.
Tests have shown that it can
operate continuously for
long periods of time without deterioration in
performance.   The
Mion Master XT is a rugged unmanned
ground vehicle designed for
use in a variety of scenarios.  In the
air defense role, it is equipped with a shored module,
which includes two M134D cannons, a
set of electro-optical sensors and an
artificial intelligence-based targeting system.  This
configuration offers a cost-
effective method of destroying drones and
can also engage ground threats.
It is designed for continuous operation with
the possibility of prolonged
fire.  The
Shoret system has a maximum effective firing range of 700 m.
The platform is designed to
be
airborne and easily deployed in
remote areas.  In addition, it
supports modular
payloads, allowing it to be customized
for a specific mission.  Thanks to the help of
artificial intelligence,
threat recognition and target acquisition occur
almost instantly.  The system
can also exchange target data with
nearby allied units
via encrypted communication channels.
Operators can control the machine
remotely from a distance of up to
5 km.   The
Gau 8 Avenger is the most powerful
30mm rotary cannon.
Some say its recoil can
stop Taro's A10 Thunderbolt in
mid-air.  In fact, engineers
have confirmed that the recoil force is
about half the thrust of an
aircraft engine.  Not so little, but quite
surmountable.  The gun is equipped with seven
rotating barrels capable of
firing up to 3,900 rounds per minute.
For practicality, it is recommended
to use 150 charging bursts.   The
effective firing range
is 1 point 2 km, making it
ideal for close air
support missions.
Each shell is designed to penetrate
heavy armor, including tank roofs and
bunkers.  The gun is closely integrated with the
A10 fire control system for
precise targeting.  Ammunition
can be quickly reloaded during
combat, minimizing
downtime.  It has also been tested
against naval targets with promising
results.  The characteristics of the GAU8
continue to set the bar for
aircraft cannons around the world.   The
Polish 155mm SCB self-propelled howitzer
is an example of modern
artillery innovation.  It can
start firing within 60 seconds of
arriving at a new location and
relocate in just 30 seconds.   A
crew of five operates the
gun, achieving a rate of fire of six
rounds per minute.  The
howitzer's effective firing range is 30
km, which allows for high-precision
strikes.  For close-range defense,
it includes a 12.7mm machine gun
and smoke grenade launchers.  The Crab
uses NATO-standard ammunition
, simplifying logistics.  Its
fire control system includes a
global positioning system and
inertial navigation, which ensures
high targeting accuracy.   The
vehicle is also compatible with modern
artillery shells, including
guided munitions.  The armor protection
allows the crew to survive when hit by
shrapnel and small
arms fire.  The vehicle has already taken part in
combat operations in Eastern Europe and has
received positive feedback from
operators.   The
Turkish Hisaro system is a
medium-range air defense solution in the Hisar family,
aptly named Fortress.
Although this system appears
more modest, it has an
impressive firing range and altitude of
up to 25 and 15 km, respectively.
The system is very mobile.  It is mounted
on a 6x6 Mercedes-Benz truck,
which ensures rapid
maneuverability.  Compared to
systems like the Patriot or S400, it is
more flexible and easier to deploy on
different terrain.  It can
intercept unmanned aerial
vehicles, helicopters and
air-to-ground weapons.  Hisar has medium
course guidance with final
radar homing.  Its radars and
command vehicles can be
networked with other defense assets.  The
possibility of adapting it
for naval use
on Turkish warships is also being considered.  Recent
field tests have confirmed a
ninety percent
kill rate when simulating saturation attacks.
Developments are underway to integrate HISRO with
drone swarm detection algorithms.
Karaoke.  This is a Turkish man-portable
anti-tank missile system with a
firing range of 2.5 km.  This is an increase
from the original 1.5km range,
increasing flexibility on the battlefield.
Despite its long range, it
weighs only 16 kg, making it
easy to carry.  It is equipped with a guided
missile system that
guides the missile after launch.   The
two-stage solid-fuel
engine allows it to be used in
confined spaces, including
urban combat.  Karaok maintains a
top-down attack mode, targeting the
tank's most vulnerable spots.  It
passed combat tests, successfully
destroying 47 retired M tanks
.  In addition to Turkish troops, the system is
now in demand abroad,
including in Malaysia.  Its portability,
accuracy and lethality make it an
attractive option for
modern armies.  Additionally, it
offers night and thermal vision for
all-weather use.  Future
variants may include programmable
warheads for different types of armor.
Korkut is a two-seat short-range air defense system
.  The first KKA vehicle
uses sensors to detect
air threats within a radius of 70 km.  The second
SSA destroys these threats with
twin 35mm
cannons and airburst munitions.   The
maximum firing range
is 4 km, which is ideal
for protecting troops and facilities.  Aerial
projectiles are programmed to
explode close to targets for
maximum effectiveness.
Korkut fires at a rate of 1,000
rounds per minute, providing dense
coverage.  Its radars and fire control are
fully automated,
ensuring fast reaction times.
Ammunition types can be switched in 15
seconds to adapt to
changing threats.  The system can
operate autonomously or be
integrated into a multi-level
defense network.  Its amphibious version allows
it to be deployed in river and coastal
conditions.  Operators praised the
ease of use and minimal
maintenance requirements.
[music] The
Dron Gun Mark 4 installations look like
something straight out of a sci-fi
movie.  However, they are real and are used
in such a vital area as counter-
drone warfare.  The distinctive feature of the
Mark 4 drone is its portability.
It can be operated with one hand and
weighs only 3.2 kg including the battery.
This makes it incredibly practical for
soldiers performing highly mobile
missions where speed and maneuverability
are critical.  Despite its
light weight, it packs a powerful punch,
effectively neutralizing a wide range of
drone threats.  Dron Gunm 4
operates in
industrial, scientific and medical
communications and global navigation
satellite system frequency bands and can
neutralize drones at a distance of up to 1
km.  It is also effective against
drone swarms, capable of jamming
control channels and signal transmissions from
multiple drones simultaneously.  This gives
units on Earth a much-
needed advantage when
faced with coordinated
drone attacks.  Additionally, the Gun Mark 4 drone
can be activated and
ready in just 3 seconds,
allowing operators to instantly
respond to unexpected threats without
wasting valuable time.
Back in the early 2000s, the Turkish army
introduced the GZP5 armored personnel carriers.  These
amphibious units have proven reliable,
but are now due for modernization.  In
particular, it is planned to modernize
52 vehicles.  It is planned to improve the
suspension, transmission and engine
system, as well as install a
new generation of electronics and air conditioning system
.  A
twin-barreled unmanned turret will also be added,
adaptable to 7.62, 12, 7, 40
mm calibers.  The upgraded version will be
designated GZP Tanga One,
retaining its amphibious features and developing a
speed of 6.3
km/h while afloat.
Upgraded armor kits
will increase survivability against modern
threats.  Digital communication systems will allow for
better coordination of actions on the
battlefield.  The overhaul is expected to
extend the service life of these machines by at
least another 20 years.
Thanks for watching.  If you
enjoyed this video,
please leave a comment with your
thoughts on these military technologies.  And
don't forget to like and subscribe
for new interesting tech innovations.
See you soon.